⭐ allow setting mondoo api proxy configuration (#23)
mondoohq/chef-mondoo: README.md

| Name           | Default Value | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------|
| `default['mondoo']['registration_token']` | `change_me` | Mondoo Registration Token that is used to retrieve client credentials

> | `default['mondoo']['api_proxy']` | `` | Mondoo Proxy setting for Mondoo API traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `default['mondoo']['api_proxy']` | `` | Proxy server URL for communication with Mondoo Platform
```

Reviewer: It's not for this PR, but we should really get rid of this .tap usage. That's not going to be something most Chef users get.
